==MySerieS Latest News==
<div title='news_7'>
===01/04/2012 : MySerieS v.1.6.1===
This is a version that fixes the following bugs:
 * Fix recognition of files when auto updating of files is turned off
 * Fix isohunt search form to display the right number of series, episode
This is an update from version 1.6 to 1.6.1.<br />
If you use MySerieS v1.6 download this and extarct it to your MySerieS directory overwritting the myseriesproject.jar and readme.txt files.<br />
If you have a version previous to 1.6 you should download the whole version 1.6.1 package
</div>
<div title='news_6'>
===31/03/2012 : MySerieS v.1.6===
What's New:
 * Ability to pass arguments to the video player application.
 * Double clicking on episodes in Episodes table opens the media player for watching the episode (if available)
 * Double clicking on series on series table opens the "Edit Series" panel.
 * Fix that some subtitles were not properly recognised
 * If only a subtitle is found and it's the secondary, you are asked if you want to download it.
 * Added quality to series (HD, normal, both).Then when downloading torrents or subtitles this option is taken in account.
 * When more than one subtitles (from tvsubtitles) are found they're ordered first by their type (HD or not) and then by their score.
 * Added option to hide the toolbar.
 * Convert ini text file to xml file.
 * Added option to not show information popups but display the message in the messages panel.
 * Fixed manually edited episodes not saved.
 * Added delete series from the recycle bin, in this case series are deleted from the database.This action cannot be undone
<div>
<div title='news_5'>
===19/07/2011 : MySerieS v.1.5.2 BUG===
If you have downloaded MySerieS v1.5.2 and keep getting messages that a new version is available please download a fixed update to 1.5.2 and overwrite the previous one
</div>
<div title='news_4'>
===19/07/2011 : MySerieS v.1.5.2===
This is a version that fixes the following bugs:
 * Fixed downloading whole season subtitles.
 * Fixed error when trying to load a corrupted database.
 * Fixed bug where manually edited date is not saved.
 * Added latest news toolbar button and fixed positioning of button when customizing the toolbar.
If you use v1.5.x you could download the patch to 1.5.2. If you use v1.4 and back, you should download the whole v.1.5.2 package
</div>
<div title='news_3'>
===01/06/2011 : MySerieS v.1.5.1===
This is a version that fixes the following bugs:
 * Fixed number of news shown in latest news.
 * Fixed crash when auto update of feeds are on and a feed url is unaivailable or wrong.
 * Fixed a bug where deleted series are shown in schedule for downloading.
 * Optimized internet update speed.
 * Fix episodes titles when updating from epguides.
 * Fixed a transaction bug when updating a series episodes.
If you use v1.5 you could download the patch to 1.5.1. If you use v1.4 and back, you should download the whole v.1.5.1. package
</div>
<div title='news_2'>
===27/05/2011 : Look And Feel package I===
A package of look and feel files is available for downloading at MySerieS download page.<br>The package contains the following look and feel:</br>
  * Infonode
  * Liquid
  * Napkin
  * Nimrod
  * Tinylaf
</div>
<div title='news_1'>
===27/05/2011 : MySerieS version 1.5===
Thanks for downloading MySeries v1.5.<br>There are numerous new features described in the readme.txt file.</br><br>Some of them are :</br>
  * Support for native and external look and feels.
  * Auto extracting archived subtitle files (zip, rar, 7zip, tar)
  * Downloading whole season subtitles
  * Option to download both primary and secondary language subtitles
  * Option to update feeds on start up and/or every x minutes
  * Option to minimize application to tray
</div>